linguistic training in the military is not difficult because of as you
if you will military just put %HESITATION there's no question about
whether you get up in the morning want to go to class now if you get
in the morning you do go to class and most of all lessons or are self
contained that is you're not doing a lot of extra work on the side
if you go to class and if you don't go to class they report use you
a and you get arrested %HESITATION then you're given a pretty straightforward
training so it's pretty straight forward and and not to
challenge well you have to take a test before you can get in the language
school that we tell people who don't have any ability language
now in my class we started out with age and we lost one fairly rapidly
because we are Vietnamese is a total language and if you don't
hear the tones %HESITATION then you can't do the language for example
of the word not tough means a church the house of the church %HESITATION
but not to a means the house of ill repute %HESITATION not to
think you want to get mixed up %HESITATION so this young man could
not hear the difference in those tones and he was excused